README.md, before:

# Lumen Datasets
This repository holds the datasets used in Lumen tutorials.

# Introduction to Data Analytics for Beginners
This beginner-friendly tutorial series takes you step by step through the complete data analytics process. In 7 simple sessions, you will learn how to work with real-world business data, apply practical analysis techniques, and present your findings in a way that drives business impact.
<br><br>Session 1: Introduction to Data Analytics & Data Collection
<br>Session 2: Data Cleanup
<br>Session 3: Statistical Analysis
<br>Session 4: Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)
<br>Session 5: Data Visualization
<br>Session 6: Business Storytelling with Data
<br>Session 7: AI Tools for Data Analytics

## Dataset
We work with a real [Amazon sales dataset](amazon.csv) to build a professional portfolio project throughout the course. This dataset has been sourced from [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/karkavelrajaj/amazon-sales-dataset).

## Sign up
You can signup for the free short course [here](https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=iTmR1JBn3EuFH1QCKDDrVILvVVua7KlDiFJOn0YzLp1URUo1MEFOOTlPR1ZWQzJGM1RaQkVTNUhWSC4u&route=shorturl).

Commit message:

Update README.md with link to amazon-country-data

README.md, after:

# Lumen Datasets
This repository holds the datasets used in Lumen tutorials.

# Introduction to Data Analytics for Beginners
This beginner-friendly tutorial series takes you step by step through the complete data analytics process. In 7 simple sessions, you will learn how to work with real-world business data, apply practical analysis techniques, and present your findings in a way that drives business impact.
<br><br>Session 1: Introduction to Data Analytics & Data Collection
<br>Session 2: Data Cleanup
<br>Session 3: Statistical Analysis
<br>Session 4: Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)
<br>Session 5: Data Visualization
<br>Session 6: Business Storytelling with Data
<br>Session 7: AI Tools for Data Analytics

## Dataset
We work with a real [Amazon sales dataset](amazon.csv) to build a professional portfolio project throughout the course. This dataset has been sourced from [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/karkavelrajaj/amazon-sales-dataset).

You'll also need the amazon-country-data in Session 5. Download [here](amazon-country-data.txt).

## Sign up
You can signup for the free short course [here](https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=iTmR1JBn3EuFH1QCKDDrVILvVVua7KlDiFJOn0YzLp1URUo1MEFOOTlPR1ZWQzJGM1RaQkVTNUhWSC4u&route=shorturl).
